Hai friends,
  	Just to continue what Prasanna Srini did, i decided
to write to about the kind of questions that were
asked during the interview. Before that i got to share
with you something that one of our senior told me
during the dinner party. No interview is perfect. So
the biggest disservice u can do to yourself is to feel
guilty about flunking the written test or the
interview. Of course we must find out as objectively
as possible the area where we lack the required
expertise. He advised us not to get desparate after
losing trilogy. He believes there will be plenty of
companies arround for the off-campus.   One more thing
i noted was that the reason that trilogy was
interseted in Anna university as much as they are
interested in IIT's was because of a few vangaurds we
had in our college. That was Dharma anna. (Every tree
no matter how deep it is has only one root) He was a
2000 passout. He sat for some of the interviews. He
was the first guy from our college to get to Trilogy.
It's probably the stellar performance of these people
that convinced Trilogy about our college's strength.
One of the Americans (Adam Ward) even said that the
best guys from anna are in no way inferior to
graduates from stanford mit and cmu.  He continued on
and said that anti-outsourcing bill passed in the
American Senate which could affect the indian
cost-leaders was a boon to india. He said that if
americans dont want to do the dirty job why do you
want to do it. If you are a world class engineer then
u should'nt be looking at the mundane pay-roll
processing. You should look at world class work. It's
high time we start getting paid for our brains and not
for our sweat. So the next time u say to someone that
u are from Anna and the dumbo asks if this university
is in chidambaram, then u can safely choose to ignore
that guy.
1) Informal interview:  We never knew about this
interview. We were just waiting for our turn to be
called in. Mr.Adam and Ms.Smita introduced themselves.
We had a very informal chat. We talked about the
anti-outsourcing bill, b'lore, girlfriends, Anna
university, Abacus, Abacus website, TechnoTsar event,
etc. If you think you can talk really well in English
with Miss Bangalore,well think again.      
2) Technical interview 1: (Conducted by Mr. Nithin,
IIT-Rourkee)  a) write a function   Tree *
copyTree(Tree *t)  which should return a newly
allocated tree with the same sturcture and data as
that of the tree passed as argument.  I could write
the recursive function in no time. He asked me to
write the non-recursive version. I could make up a
non-recursive funciton after sometime but i did'nt use
explicit stack. He said it was correct but he had a
soln in his mind and that soln had a explicit stack
simulationg the recursion. After some help from him i
could write it.  b) Given a doubly linked list, split
it into two equal dll. (or equivalently write an algo
to find the middle node in dll.)  First i gave the
obvious soln then came up with the optimal soln.
(Incidentally this problem was discussed in our class
during the comprehension period and arunachalam has
solved it. But i could'nt capitalize on that)
3)Technical Interview 2:(Conducted by Mr.Jim)  This
guy had a heavily american accented english. So i
asked him to repeat some of the questions.  a) foo
function stuff which prasanna had earlier mentioned. 
b) write an algo for inorder traversal. Now rewrite
the algo without tail recursion.  c) Write an algo to
print all permutations of a given string.   e.g. given
abc, we got to print abc, acb, bca,.....  d) Write an
algo to print all permutations without repetitions
when given a string which has the multiple occurences
of the same character.  e.g given aab, he want the
algo to print aab, aba, baa.  Both the above
permutation problems can be solved naturally by
recursion.  La fin.    In almost all of the interview
questions, the interviewer had a soln in his mind and
he keeps giving hints until we hit the soln. He asked
for the complexity for all the intermediate solns.   
All the best for the rest of the off-campus
placements. (My prayers for you especially for
Microsoft.)
See you buddies,  
A.J.Anto

 
