hi
 
The following are the questions I was asked in the intvs.
 
intv1: ( Our seniors Dharma and Manikandan)

1) Given a binary tree. Rearrange it into a max heap.
 
2)Construct a min skewed tree from the inorder squence.
Note: There can be many trees having the same inorder sequence. The Q is
to construct the one that is minimally skewed.
 
3)Merge 2 heaps
 
4)Merge 2 bin search trees
 
5)Find the maximum palindrome in a given string.
 
6)they asked me to debug their version of the above program.
 
-------------------------
intv2:(Mr.Jim and another senior )

1) Given any number of stks. Implement a queue using them. 
I told the trivial soln first. Then they made me optimize it to reduce the
number of pushes n pops done  for an insertion n deletion.
 
2)A few foo Qs from Java  based on virtual functions, static members etc.
 
3)Another foo Q from C++ (similar to the one spfd by prasanna srinivasan- the call by value one)
 
4)generate all possible permutations of a string.
 
5)Give the code for
i) the inorder sequence of a binary tree.
ii) without  tail recursion.
ii) without any recursion.
-------------------------
 
intv 3) (Mr.Nitin)
 
1) Give the code for flattening a tree. i.e Convert a tree into a list such that the order of the nodes in the list is similar to the horizontal traversing of the tree. My first solution used extra locations. Then  i was asked to write without the use of extra space(by rearranging the tree).
 
2)Given a DAG( directed acyclic graph)with a max out degree of 2 . In a DAG, the left and the right link of a node may point  backwards, ie a hierarchical relationship need not be maintained between the nodes. ( Propose an effective data structure so that the copy operation can be done easily. Because the max outdegree is 2 , I told the array representation, where it is easier to detect backwards links by just checking if the A[child] > A[parent]. He agreed and then asked me for another representation using links.I told him to add a visited flag to  the usual node structure. He then asked me to write the code. He was not comfortable with the structure of my program .So I wrote the same in the form that he wanted.

3) Given a linked list Write a code to return another linked list having the last n elements. Kept askin me to refine the algo till I got the optimal one.
 
--------------------------
informal( Mr. Adam):

 I still dont know if it was an informal intv or a simple chat. Any way he asked me abt my rank,  my oncampus placement, youth parliament(it was there in the cv) , family etc. I had included french in my cv as one of the langs, so he asked how good I was in it. When I said that I dont remember anything, he taught me few things in french and asked me to translate a few things for him in Hindi, tamil and swahili.. 
 
Hope this mail helped..
 
bye
harini.kp
 
 
